Added selinux lab (#6)
mvazquezc/scc-fun: demo4/README.md

## **Hands-on Demo 3**

In this demo we will see how we can use `seLinuxContext` strategies. Basically it controls which SELinux context is used by the containers.

> Note that all predefined SCCs, except for the privileged SCC, set the seLinuxContext to MustRunAs. This forces pods to use MCS labels, which can be defined in the pod definition, the container image, or provided as a default. If the seLinuxContext strategy is set to MustRunAs and the pod (or image) does not define a label, OpenShift Container Platform defaults to a label chosen from the SCC itself or from the project. In the case of my namespace or project, it defaults to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all predefined SCCs, except for the privileged SCC, set the seLinuxContext to MustRunAs. This forces pods to use MCS labels, which can be defined in the securityContext at the pod level, at the container level, or provided as a default. If the seLinuxContext strategy is set to MustRunAs and the pod (or image) does not define a label, OpenShift Container Platform defaults to a label chosen from the SCC itself or from the project. In the case of my namespace or project, it defaults to:
```

oc debug node/cnfdb2.clus2.t5g.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com
Creating debug namespace/openshift-debug-node-m9dxb ...
Starting pod/cnfdb2clus2t5glabengbosredhatcom-debug ...
To use host binaries, run `chroot /host`
Pod IP: 10.19.16.3
If you don't see a command prompt, try pressing enter.
sh-4.4# chroot /host

sh-4.4# ps axufZ | grep "/usr/bin/nc -v -klp 808"
system_u:system_r:container_t:s0:c9,c27 3000 3074874 0.0  0.0 24724 2440 ?       Ss   13:08   0:00  \_ /usr/bin/nc -v -klp 8081
system_u:system_r:container_t:s0:c9,c27 3000 3074967 0.0  0.0 24724 2436 ?       Ss   13:08   0:00  \_ /usr/bin/nc -v -klp 8082
~~~

4. Ok, so now let's imagine we have a security requirement to have both containers as much isolated one from each other. We can assign a different SELinux MCS to each one. So, let's scale to 0 the deployment, remove the restricted-runasuser SCC and create a new one, which will be similar to the default restricted profile but maintaining the priority to 1 so it is selected instead of the restricted SCC. 

~~~sh
oc scale deploy selinux-app --replicas=0
~~~

```sh
oc delete scc restricted-runasuser
securitycontextconstraints.security.openshift.io "restricted-runasuser" deleted

> ```

Reviewer: Consider patching the scc with the priority change instead of deleting and recreating it.

Author: I'll take a look. I deleted it since I was not sure which was the last configuration for the SCC.
